docs: add cast_spell documentation (#6515)
cataclysmbnteam/Cataclysm-BN: doc/src/content/docs/en/mod/json/reference/items/item_creation.md

        "leather_padded",
        "kevlar_padded"
    ]
},
"use_action": { 

>     "type": "cast_spell",       // Casts a spell based on ID, using item charges, or mana if the flag USE_PLAYER_ENERGY is on the item

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    "type": "cast_spell",       // Casts a spell based on ID using item charges or, if the flag USE_PLAYER_ENERGY is on the item, the energy source defined in the spell 
```
It could be non-mana energy afaik, and this also makes the comma usage better (while also being clear language about the flag)

Reviewer: Nevermind, Scarf merged it already.

Time to go make a new PR to fix it
